README.md, before:

# donix

This project will start out as an AI agent CLI tool for linux. I will attempt to write an MCP server in C++. I will initally use the latest DeepSeek R1 model as my LLM. Here's to learning as we go...

### MCP Server requirements
 
 1. Use a structured MCP format
 2. Prompt Building for the LLM
 3. Support a set of resources (lets start with CLI ig)
 4. parses LLM output an
 5. executes actions (commands for now)
 
 #### Dependency List (for now):

 1. llama.cpp (to run the model locally)
 2. nlohmann/json (for mcp formatting)
 3. unsloth/DeepSeek-R1-0528-Qwen3-8B-GGUF (LLM Model)


 #### Testing Models for my personal use:
 1.  unsloth/DeepSeek-R1-0528-Qwen3-8B-GGUF ([Q4 K_M](https://huggingface.co/unsloth/DeepSeek-R1-0528-Qwen3-8B-GGUF/resolve/main/DeepSeek-R1-0528-Qwen3-8B-Q4_K_M.gguf) and [Q4_UD_K_XL](https://huggingface.co/unsloth/DeepSeek-R1-0528-Qwen3-8B-GGUF/resolve/main/DeepSeek-R1-0528-Qwen3-8B-UD-Q4_K_XL.gguf) versions)
 2.  unsloth/DeepSeek-R1-Distill-Qwen-7B-GGUF ([Q4_K_M](https://huggingface.co/unsloth/DeepSeek-R1-Distill-Qwen-7B-GGUF/resolve/main/DeepSeek-R1-Distill-Qwen-7B-Q4_K_M.gguf))


### Phase 1
Building an MCP server that recieves a prompt through the CLI and returns the LLM response.

I have no idea what im doing rn but ill figure this out.

Commit message:

refactor: project layout work completed, after this can start working on features yay!

README.md, after:

# donix

This project will start out as an AI agent CLI tool for linux. I will attempt to write an MCP server in C++. I will initally use the latest DeepSeek R1 model as my LLM. Here's to learning as we go...

### MCP Server requirements
 
 1. Use a structured MCP format
 2. Prompt Building for the LLM
 3. Support a set of resources (lets start with CLI ig)
 4. parses LLM output an
 5. executes actions (commands for now)
 
 #### Dependency List (for now):

 1. llama.cpp (to run the model locally)
 2. nlohmann/json (for mcp formatting)
 3. unsloth/DeepSeek-R1-0528-Qwen3-8B-GGUF (LLM Model)


 #### Testing Models for my personal use:
 1.  unsloth/DeepSeek-R1-0528-Qwen3-8B-GGUF ([Q4 K_M](https://huggingface.co/unsloth/DeepSeek-R1-0528-Qwen3-8B-GGUF/resolve/main/DeepSeek-R1-0528-Qwen3-8B-Q4_K_M.gguf) and [Q4_UD_K_XL](https://huggingface.co/unsloth/DeepSeek-R1-0528-Qwen3-8B-GGUF/resolve/main/DeepSeek-R1-0528-Qwen3-8B-UD-Q4_K_XL.gguf) versions)
 2.  unsloth/DeepSeek-R1-Distill-Qwen-7B-GGUF ([Q4_K_M](https://huggingface.co/unsloth/DeepSeek-R1-Distill-Qwen-7B-GGUF/resolve/main/DeepSeek-R1-Distill-Qwen-7B-Q4_K_M.gguf))


### Phase 1
Building an MCP server that recieves a prompt through the CLI and returns the LLM response.
Basically use this for now:
##### This will be the simple chat command of the mcp server
`./llama.cpp/build/bin/llama-cli -m models/DeepSeek-R0-0528-Qwen3-8B-UD-Q4_K_XL.gguf --jinja --single-turn --prompt "tell me about mao zedong in one sentence" --gpu-layers 37 -sys "You are a helpful assistant."`

So if im not wrong as long as i have the llama.cpp binaries in my build, and the model file, everything should work out great. The copying is kind of scuffed but it should work for now, luckily have good disk space haha. 

Ok we are basically a llama.cpp wrapper for now but this seems promisingly useful.
